hey chasm frosty here we're gonna take
you behind the scenes of pro-drive
racing Australia now in the upcoming
weeks we're going to show you different
departments of what happens inside this
race team but today we're going to show
you the boys who work on the car so
let's go whoo yeah all right we're gonna
go look at my car the Pepsi Max crew
number five Falcon and these two guys
are the backbone of my car we've got
Johnny the number one mechanic and Benny
is still the number one mechanic anyway
they're both number ones but Johnny's
been here a while so what's it like
Johnny working on the cars and I get to
tell the guys what what you do people
think you just come back and wipe the
champagne off but what's what's the
process normally come back from race
meeting we assess what damage we've got
from our technique crashing the other
cars or someone's crashed into him
been on I'll pull the bodywork off and
we'll get send that down to the paint
shop get it all repaired then we'll
remove the engine any other component to
need you know that are due for a service
we'll send that off to each department
and then it all comes back in and we put
all back together and go to another race
and what's it like you know people often
ask what's it like working on a race car
is it as good as what everyone thinks it
is as its ups and downs yeah you can
work hard and depends on how much damage
you hate bring the car back to us and
now I enjoy every minute of it's great
and then love the atmosphere and it's
great to get wins sanscrit let's go chat
to Benny these guys are Eric's races as
well johnny was a gun go Carter so he
tells me how to drive sometimes which is
nice but Benny also the lap record
holder at in our racing which he tells
us quite often he's on a 205 point eight
on the old surface which he an old car
as well so when we've only done a 205
nine at Bathurst what's it like to be
the quickest bloke in this whole factory
oh it's pretty good quicker than you
you've told me quite a few times mate
bed um just one more time I guess while
the cameras on you want to tell people
what what it's like to do it to our five
eight I don't remember this long time
ago and I did it with a realise and
that's how fast it was it's actually got
the time tattooed on his shoulder but
these guys definitely
a backbone of my car you know when you
jump on the brakes when you drive the
car
these guys are the ones that service it
and you laughs in their hand so we
appreciate what you do guys and I'm
gonna do a two-hour five seven nine this
year at Bathurst just so I can walk the
tattoo office back about how quick he
was but both decks race is both really
passionate and the you know results are
due to these guys so thanks for checking
out car five over here on car sick so I
found a couple of rough looking blokes
I've got my number one mechanic camo and
my number two mechanic fetus first gonna
start with Cameron because this is our
second tape because fetus stop the first
one so Cameron what am I like to work
with for the year and what do you know
fascinates you about your job you're
pretty painful about it it's no it's
actually pretty good it's very relaxed
chilled out
when Wendy behind the wheel is not
serious which is good you know you've
been in the game of not a long time but
a fair amount of time now and and you've
stuck through it with the hard hours and
they're working with different drivers
over the years but what keeps you know
coming back for more and more and only
the day you don't get our goose bumps on
the start line is probably the day
you're gonna give it away but looking
you still get a buzz out of it and you
can still enjoy it yeah you still come
back
roundup around and little over again
what about you fetus you got a nickname
fetus let's let's talk about that that's
a very old nickname now goes right back
to when I first started my
apprenticeship here at PRA I was sort of
a bit of a country boy and I moved to
the big city in the big lights and we
first trip away smoke yeah I mean our
first trip away was Abu Dhabi and I've
never even been in an aeroplane before
so I was a bit like a deer in the
headlights a little baby wandering
around the airport getting lost and all
the boys had to look out for me I was
like a little baby fetus that's how that
name come about but we also lived
together
we're actually roomies which is not many
people do that in videoed supercars
as a driver and a mechanic so when I
crash a car you actually don't talk to
me for a couple of days so but I still
gotta call you cool yeah that's a lot no
it's it's um we have a lot of fun it's
but it's pretty fun so I'm sorta like
living with a big kid really and pretty
much everyone we work with a big family
we're on the road 15 routes the year so
it's keeps nice and busy and we like to
spend extra time away from the track to
uh I guess get rid of all the anger
you